chore(release): mark v7.0.0 (#6804)
puppeteer/puppeteer: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

## [7.0.0](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/compare/v6.0.0...v7.0.0) (2021-02-02)

### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

> * **chromium:** - `page.screenshot` cuts screenshot content by the ViewPort size, not ViewPort position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **chromium:** - `page.screenshot` makes a screenshot with the clip dimensions, not cutting it by the ViewPort size.
```

Reviewer 2: The changelog is automatically populated based on the commit messages. If we make changes now they will be overwritten later.
